Typo: "ov" => "of' (#327)
exercism/vimscript: exercises/practice/grains/.docs/instructions.append.md

In other words, Vimscript cannot express any number `2^63` or greater as an integer.

> Some of the tests for this exercise require 64 bit integers which is beyond the integer size limitation of Vimscript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the tests for this exercise require 64 bit integers which is beyond the integer size limitation of Vim script.
```
On Exercism, the track is Vim script not Vimscript. It’s a pretty minor thing, but we should be consistent.
